{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 # Project 1 - *Scavenger Hunt*\
\
Submitted by: **Gustavo Pineda**\
\
**Scavenger Hunt** is an iOS app built with SwiftUI that lets users complete a fun scavenger hunt by taking photos of specific items or scenarios. Each task can be completed by attaching a photo, which records the location where it was taken and updates the task status. Users can view completed task locations on a map and restart the hunt at any time.  \
\
Time spent: **9 hours in total**\
\
---\
\
## Required Features\
\
The following **required** functionality is completed:\
\
- [x] App displays a list of hard-coded tasks (with only 3 tasks shown at a time).  \
- [x] When a task is tapped, it navigates the user to a task detail view.  \
- [x] When the user adds a photo to complete a task, it marks the task as complete.  \
- [x] When adding a photo of a task, the location of the photo is saved.  \
- [x] User returns to the home page (list of tasks) and sees updated task status.  \
\
---\
\
## Optional Features\
\
The following **optional** features are implemented:\
\
- [ ] User can launch the camera to snap a picture (currently using photo library).  \
\
---\
\
## Additional Features\
\
- [x] Only 3 tasks are displayed at a time to create a progressive scavenger hunt.  \
- [x] Completed tasks are visually distinguished with a checkmark.  \
- [x] Users can view all completed task locations on a map.  \
- [x] \'93Restart Hunt\'94 button resets all tasks to incomplete.  \
- [x] Custom, fun scavenger hunt prompts to make tasks more engaging.  \
\
---\
\
## Video Walkthrough\
\
[Guide](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GA92eKlYio4)\
\
---\
\
## Notes\
\
Some challenges encountered while building the app:  \
\
- Handling photo locations when some images did not have metadata.  \
- Getting the MapKit `annotationItems:` working correctly with iOS 17.  \
- Displaying only 3 tasks at a time while updating completion status dynamically.  \
\
---\
\
## License\
\
Copyright 2025 Gustavo Pineda\
\
Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");\
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.\
You may obtain a copy of the License at\
\
    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0\
\
Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software\
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,\
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.\
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and\
limitations under the License.\
}